hello guys this is Louise with Brighton
tech geeks today I am going to be
showing you a review of fake Samsung
Galaxy s3 and galaxy note 2 earbuds
versus the real ones
so I damaged my old ones and I thought
they were you know Samsung ear buds
weren't that bad so I went ahead and
ordered some new ones got on today in
the mail and found out they're cheap
knockoffs so that's a big one to you
guys
if you ever want to buy Samsung earbuds
I mean they're $5 but with those five
dollars you could probably done
something more useful with them so well
on the Left I have the fake ones and the
right I have the real ones and as you
can tell
the fake ones are much shorter than the
real ones see I have that little
ControlTalk
right there a mom they're the same thing
and they're lekha these ones are longer
and you can see I fold them right there
this one looks like it has more cable
than this this now I some things I've
noticed is these are the real ones and
the real ones have a white tip to that
take that year butt out they have that
white tip right there and the fake ones
you take the earbud out and they have a
chrome tip also a mom the Samsung logo
on frequence is brown and is not very
neat you can tell the overall build
quality of these isn't very neat what
you would expect with a lot of Chinese
you know third-party manufacturers and
on this when you have more of a neat
look very look and the Samsung logo is
great so this one the Samsung logo these
Samsung earbuds really impressed me
of their previous black earbuds these
are a great improvement and the sound
quality is great
my that's it's one thing to take a
notice and see I put them both in
comparison also on the real ones that
hole in the under buy earbud is quite
larger than the fake ones also control
talk so let's put them together one
second here so on the right we have the
real ones and on the left we have the
fake ones you can definitely tell the
color difference and the ones on the
right definitely look better than the
ones on the left the ones on the left
are made from a cheaper plastic material
and is the control talk is a bit thicker
and the buttons are this button is a bit
harder in this way and they make
different kind of noises so that's
another thing to take you notice also
the divider where divides from one
quarter to this one in this primary site
it's blank
and the real ones have this FM logo as
you can see in the back they have that
made in China logo as well as these but
the fake ones they seem to be a bit
shinier and as you can tell right there
that little plastic piece sticking out
they're not very clean manufactured I
mean I can clean that out but healing
that from the factory and the jacks
themselves are pretty similar
they're very similar indeed but on the
fake ones they are they have a little
line right there which is not very clean
and the overall cord Emma feely is
different from both earbuds this cord
feeling is more plastic like hard
plastic and this one's more rubber so
this one
imitates like the Apple iPhone earbuds
which is you know that feeling and this
one doesn't in this little gray piece in
the audio this is more plastic and this
is softer you know gummy ish something
that you would see on the iPhone
basically Samson has converted iPhones
Apple earbuds and you know a little bit
better but overall Samsung once again
has copied Apple and their material
design and overall design but anyway I
do like these Samsung earbuds and this
is a great warning to you guys so you
won't waste five dollars on eBay buying
these earbuds you know you would want to
make sure to see their reviews and see
if they have good
amam reviews but yeah go ahead and check
out my channel i do phone repairs as you
can tell I have these are some phones I
have and them uh you know I repair
phones and computer PC the repairs there
are two other phones right there galaxy
s3s
so I'll go ahead and make sure to
subscribe I'll do repair tutorials
reviews unboxings and many other things
you guys would be interested in right
well this is Brighton techie sandal
thank you for watching the video hope
this was informational for you guys